Q1: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
that was introduced?

A1: viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped by pinpointing the
specific places where changes were made, providing a starting place for which
lines to look at for any errors or bugs.

Q2: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

A2: Seeing the history of a file can help you better understand how the file
reached its current form, and you can follow along with the changes. It can
reduce the complexity of a file by allowing you to mentally build upon the
changes until you reach the current form.

Q3: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
Google Docs does?

A3: A pro of manually choosing when to create a commit is being able to
logically group changes for easier digesting when browsing the file history. A
con to manually choosing is having to make sure you actually commit. It is
possible to forget and not have a version to revert to.

Q4: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
file separately?

A4: Since Git was made by a developer, in programming many files are
related to each other for functionality so saving multiple files in one commit
allows Seeing the changes in one file that may effect another.

Q5: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history
of files?

A5: Git log allows you to see a history of all the commits and git diff
will show the differences between two commits.

Q6: How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?

A6: Version control allows experimenting and making changes to find the
desired effect without having to worry about how to revert back to
a working version if things break entirely.

Q7: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using
Git for?

A7: Git will be useful for tracking development of my personal website as
well as for tracking changes and versions of my resume. I look forward to
syncing these changes to GitHub so I have a public space to practice and show
knowledge on how to use Git.
